c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.dll
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.pdb
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.dll
c:\users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.pdb
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.BarangPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\obj\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.TambahBarangPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\SampleProjectAzure1.dll.config
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\harfi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\SampleProjectAzure1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
